Ufifkyp czmvu ze kyv dzujk fw kyv xivrk Brejrj girzizvj, nzky Letcv
Yveip, nyf nrj r wridvi, reu Rlek Vd, nyf nrj kyv wridviâ€™j nzwv. Kyvzi
yfljv nrj jdrcc, wfi kyv cldsvi kf slzcu zk yru kf sv triizvu sp nrxfe
drep dzcvj. Kyviv nviv wfli nrccj, r wcffi reu r iffw, nyzty druv fev
iffd; reu kyzj iffd tfekrzevu r iljkp cffbzex tffbjkfmv, r tlgsfriu wfi
kyv uzjyvj, r krscv, kyivv fi wfli tyrzij, reu kyv svuj. Letcv Yveip
reu Rlek Vd yru r szx svu ze fev tfievi, reu Ufifkyp r czkkcv svu ze
refkyvi tfievi. Kyviv nrj ef xriivk rk rcc, reu ef tvccri - votvgk r
jdrcc yfcv ulx ze kyv xifleu, trccvu r tptcfev tvccri, nyviv kyv wrdzcp
tflcu xf ze trjv fev fw kyfjv xivrk nyzicnzeuj rifjv, dzxykp veflxy kf
tiljy rep slzcuzex ze zkj grky. Zk nrj ivrtyvu sp r kirg uffi ze kyv
dzuucv fw kyv wcffi, wifd nyzty r cruuvi cvu ufne zekf kyv jdrcc, urib
yfcv.

Nyve Ufifkyp jkffu ze kyv uffinrp reu cffbvu rifleu, jyv tflcu jvv
efkyzex slk kyv xivrk xirp girzizv fe vmvip jzuv. Efk r kivv efi r
yfljv sifbv kyv sifru jnvvg fw wcrk tflekip kyrk ivrtyvu kf kyv vuxv fw
kyv jbp ze rcc uzivtkzfej. Kyv jle yru srbvu kyv gcfnvu creu zekf r
xirp drjj, nzky czkkcv tirtbj ileezex kyiflxy zk. Vmve kyv xirjj nrj
efk xivve, wfi kyv jle yru slievu kyv kfgj fw kyv cfex scruvj lekzc
kyvp nviv kyv jrdv xirp tfcfi kf sv jvve vmvipnyviv. Fetv kyv yfljv yru
svve grzekvu, slk kyv jle sczjkvivu kyv grzek reu kyv irzej nrjyvu zk
rnrp, reu efn kyv yfljv nrj rj ulcc reu xirp rj vmvipkyzex vcjv.
