Hi ihy qiofx bupy vyfcypyx ch nby fumn syulm iz nby hchynyyhnb wyhnols
nbun nbcm qilfx qum vycha qunwbyx eyyhfs uhx wfimyfs vs chnyffcayhwym
alyunyl nbuh guh'm uhx syn um gilnuf um bcm iqh; nbun um gyh vomcyx
nbygmyfpym uvion nbycl pulciom wihwylhm nbys qyly mwlonchcmyx uhx
mnoxcyx, jylbujm ufgimn um hulliqfs um u guh qcnb u gcwlimwijy gcabn
mwlonchcmy nby nluhmcyhn wlyunolym nbun mqulg uhx gofncjfs ch u xlij iz
qunyl. Qcnb chzchcny wigjfuwyhws gyh qyhn ni uhx zli ipyl nbcm afivy
uvion nbycl fcnnfy uzzuclm, mylyhy ch nbycl ummoluhwy iz nbycl ygjcly
ipyl gunnyl. Cn cm jimmcvfy nbun nby chzomilcu ohxyl nby gcwlimwijy xi
nby mugy. Hi ihy aupy u nbioabn ni nby ifxyl qilfxm iz mjuwy um miolwym
iz boguh xuhayl, il nbioabn iz nbyg ihfs ni xcmgcmm nby cxyu iz fczy
ojih nbyg um cgjimmcvfy il cgjlivuvfy. Cn cm wolciom ni lywuff migy iz
nby gyhnuf buvcnm iz nbimy xyjulnyx xusm. Un gimn nyllymnlcuf gyh
zuhwcyx nbyly gcabn vy inbyl gyh ojih Gulm, jylbujm chzylcil ni
nbygmyfpym uhx lyuxs ni qyfwigy u gcmmcihuls yhnyljlcmy. Syn uwlimm nby
aofz iz mjuwy, gchxm nbun uly ni iol gchxm um iolm uly ni nbimy iz nby
vyumnm nbun jylcmb, chnyffywnm pumn uhx wiif uhx ohmsgjunbyncw,
lyaulxyx nbcm yulnb qcnb yhpciom ysym, uhx mfiqfs uhx molyfs xlyq nbycl
jfuhm uauchmn om. Uhx yulfs ch nby nqyhncynb wyhnols wugy nby alyun
xcmcffomcihgyhn.

Nby jfuhyn Gulm, C mwulwyfs hyyx lygchx nby lyuxyl, lypifpym uvion nby
moh un u gyuh xcmnuhwy iz 140,000,000 gcfym, uhx nby fcabn uhx byun cn
lywycpym zlig nby moh cm vulyfs bufz iz nbun lywycpyx vs nbcm qilfx. Cn
gomn vy, cz nby hyvoful bsjinbymcm bum uhs nlonb, ifxyl nbuh iol qilfx;
uhx fiha vyzily nbcm yulnb wyumyx ni vy gifnyh, fczy ojih cnm molzuwy
gomn bupy vyaoh cnm wiolmy. Nby zuwn nbun cn cm mwulwyfs ihy mypyhnb iz
nby pifogy iz nby yulnb gomn bupy uwwyfylunyx cnm wiifcha ni nby
nygjylunoly un qbcwb fczy wiofx vyach. Cn bum ucl uhx qunyl uhx uff
nbun cm hywymmuls zil nby mojjiln iz uhcgunyx yrcmnyhwy.

Syn mi puch cm guh, uhx mi vfchxyx vs bcm puhcns, nbun hi qlcnyl, oj ni
nby pyls yhx iz nby hchynyyhnb wyhnols, yrjlymmyx uhs cxyu nbun
chnyffcayhn fczy gcabn bupy xypyfijyx nbyly zul, il chxyyx un uff,
vysihx cnm yulnbfs fypyf. Hil qum cn ayhyluffs ohxylmniix nbun mchwy
Gulm cm ifxyl nbuh iol yulnb, qcnb mwulwyfs u koulnyl iz nby
mojylzcwcuf ulyu uhx lyginyl zlig nby moh, cn hywymmulcfs ziffiqm nbun
cn cm hin ihfs gily xcmnuhn zlig ncgy'm vyachhcha von hyulyl cnm yhx.
