# Speed Cameras

This program generates statistics based on a data stream (it is quite similar
to the "Park Run" example near here).

Several solutions are possible. One consideration is whether we think the
classifications of passing vehicles will change. Using a dictionary allows
flexibility in this, so that is what is done here. There is still a lot of
WET code that could probably be factored out (how?).

_As with a lot of these programs there is also the usual (crufty) program
for generating input files._

## The Problem

A camera has been installed at one end of Poppleton High Street to monitor the 
speed of approaching vehicles. The speed limit at this point is complex. For cars 
it is 60mph, for vans it is 50mph, and for heavy goods vehicles (which includes buses) 
it is 40mph. The camera incorporates cutting-edge technology that identifies the 
type of vehicle approaching as well as recording its speed.

A program is required that will process the data stream generated by this camera 
and produce some useful statistics.

## The Task

The data stream of the camera works as follows. It provides one line for each vehicle. 
The first character indicates the type of vehicle ("C" for Car, "V" for Van, "H" for 
Heavy, and "B" for Bus). This is followed by the observed speed, in miles per hour 
(as a whole number). The data stream ends with the string "OFF" to indicate that the camera is
shutting down.

A program is required that processes the stream and, once the camera has been turned off, displays:
- The total number of vehicles that have passed.
- The percentage that were cars, vans, heavy goods, and buses.
- The overall average speed of each vehicle type.
- The percentage of all vehicles that were travelling over the speed limit for each class of vehicle.
- The overall percentage of speeders.

The data should be provided in a file, the name of which is supplied as a command-line argument. It can
be assumed that the file is in the expected format.
